com.gmail.altakey.dawne.ConfigActivity
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.ConfigActivity: ConfigActivity()
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.MainActivity
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entries_charsetpreference
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entries_colorthemes
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entries_fontsizes
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entries_scrolllines
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entry_values_charsetpreference
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entry_values_colorthemes
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entry_values_fontsizes
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$array: int entry_values_scrolllines
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int ab_background
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int action_search
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int cancel
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int icon
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int next
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$drawable: int previous
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int cancel
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int divider1
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int divider2
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int edittext
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int menu_main_config
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int menu_main_search
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int next
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int previous
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int search
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int textview
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$id: int view
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$layout: int main
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$menu: int main
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int app_name
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int app_version
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_charsetpreference
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_colortheme
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_fontsize
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_scrollbyvolumekeys
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_scrolllines
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_showtitle
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_usemonospacefonts
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int config_title_version
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int main_inst
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int menu_title_main_preferences
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$string: int menu_title_main_search
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$style: int MyActionBar
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$style: int MyTheme
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.R$xml: int config
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.ViewActivity
com.gmail.altakey.dawne.ViewActivity: ViewActivity()
